Docs: Add note about `revalidatePath` invalidating router cache (#61142)
vercel/next.js: docs/02-app/02-api-reference/04-functions/revalidatePath.mdx

>
> - `revalidatePath` is available in both [Node.js and Edge runtimes](/docs/app/building-your-application/rendering/edge-and-nodejs-runtimes).
> - `revalidatePath` only invalidates the cache when the included path is next visited. This means calling `revalidatePath` with a dynamic route segment will not immediately trigger many revalidations at once. The invalidation only happens when the path is next visited.

> > - Currently, `revalidatePath` invalidates all the routes in the client-side [Router Cache](/docs/app/building-your-application/caching#router-cache). This behavior is temporary and does not apply to the server-side [Route Cache](/docs/app/building-your-application/caching#full-route-cache) where **only the specific path** is invalidated.

Author: ```suggestion
> - Currently, `revalidatePath` invalidates all the routes in the [client-side Router Cache](/docs/app/building-your-application/caching#router-cache). This behavior is temporary and will be updated in the future to apply only to the specific path. 
> - Using `revalidatePath` invalidates **only the specific path** in the [server-side Route Cache](/docs/app/building-your-application/caching#full-route-cache). 
```
